Update Intel PSW/DCAP Installation (#3251)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/GettingStartedDocs/Contributors/WindowsManualSGX1FLCDCAPPrereqs.md

ZIP executable, and run the installer under `PSW_EXE_RS2_and_before`:

```cmd
"C:\Intel SGX PSW for Windows v2.8.100.2\PSW_EXE_RS2_and_before\Intel(R)_SGX_Windows_x64_PSW_2.8.100.2.exe"
```

If you would like to manually update the PSW on Windows Server 2019 or Windows
clients > 1709 without relying on Windows Update, you can update the PSW components
as follows:

> - `devcon.exe` from the [Windows Driver Kit for Windows 10](
>   https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2026156) can be used to update
>   the drivers from an elevated command prompt:
> 
> - Note that `devcon.exe` is usually installed to `C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\tools\x64`
>   which is not in the `PATH` environment variable by default.
> 
> - From the `PSW_INF_RS3_and_above` folder, run the command:
> ```cmd
> devcon.exe update sgx_psw.inf "SWC\VEN_INT&DEV_0E0C"
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

1. Install `devcon.exe`, available as part of the [Windows Driver Kit for Windows 10](
  https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2026156).
    -  Note that `devcon.exe` is usually installed to `C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\tools\x64`
    which is not in the `PATH` environment variable by default.
2. In an elevated command prompt, run the following command from the extracted PSW package under the `PSW_INF_RS3_and_above` folder:
  ```cmd
  devcon.exe update sgx_psw.inf "SWC\VEN_INT&DEV_0E0C"
  ```
````

Reviewer: Note that these changes also need to be mirrored to the WindowsManualSGX1Prereqs.md file as well.

    - If the driver is already installed and running, the machine will need to be rebooted for the change to take effect.

2. Install or update the drivers:
    - Refer to the PSW section above for notes on acquiring and using `devcon.exe`.

>     - The hash values in the paths may be different from the example commands, please update them as needed.

Reviewer: This recommendation is no longer necessary, remove. 
```suggestion
```
